Instructions

0.  Arrange so that the environment variable WAVEDIR is set to
the directory "wave" that contains the subdirectories "wutil",
"guiFLTK", "graphGL", and "multid".

1.  Compile wutil, guiFLTK, graphGL, multid, and multid/t by issuing the
command "make" in each directory.

2.  Run "t" in multid/t.  The features are as follows:

a. Pressing the "Quit" button quits.

b. Pressing the "Mobius" opens up the window for "Mobius" space, which
has coordinates R (between -1 and 1) and phi between (-pi/2 and pi/2).
Upon startup (if "OLD_TEST" is #defined, as it is by default), several
objects are drawn in this space, and printouts of the space at various
stages are given.  See old_test() in main.cc for details.

c. Within the "Mobius" space, a left mouse click or drag draws horizontal
lines.  Pressing the button draws a red bond, dragging draws yellow bonds,
and releasing draws a cyan bond.  To erase what has been drawn, hit the
"Undo" key (L4).  See the callback routines in Mobius.cc.

d. Selecting the "Collapsed View" gives the projected image of what is
in the Mobius space onto the space with coordinates u = R cos phi and
v = R sin phi.  See the routines in MobiusControl.cc for details about
the PanelChoice.

e. Selecting the "Imbedded View" gives the imbedded image of what is
in the Mobius space into the space with coordinates u = R cos phi,
v = R sin phi, and phi.

f. Within the Imbedding Space, a left mouse click or drag draws crosses
(with z coordiate, in the virtual device space, equal to zero).  See the
callback routines in Euclid3.cc.

BUG:  This does not always work.  To get crosses, first zoom until the
bounding box disappears; then use a left mouse click or drag.

g. Within any 2d View, holding the control key and using the left, middle,
or right mouse button causes the picture to be translated, scaled, or
rotated, respectively.  The "Home" key (R7) resets the transformation.
See graphics.doc for an explanation.

h. Within any 3d View, holding the control key and using the left, middle,
or right mouse button causes the picture to be translated, scaled, or
rotated, respectively.  The "Home" key (R7) resets the transformation.
See graphics.doc for an explanation.
